1. What is Semantic HTML?
 It is the specific description of hyper text markup language

2. What is HTML used for? 
To create a layout of a website 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Provide a value to tags and are located inside quotations

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
To create a sizing for the header, you only use it once for the main title.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
text and URL
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>
7. What is an id? 
    identifier
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
   sections
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
 once 
10. What is a class? 
type of point in the style sheet 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
html
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple times as long as it is classified 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
just add a target="_blank" attribute to your achor tags 

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    It shows an alternative text of an image when that image can't be shown.
    
15. How do I reference an id?
    use the id attribute id="" to point out what you wish to have showcased

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is a part of the layout where div is dividing the pieces of the sectioned layout 
    
17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style the page with color, images, font size etc. 

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
by using brackets or id attribute 
    
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   Class is used to identify multiple elements and id is used for only one element ID uses "" where class uses # like for coloring text
    
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      with a period . before the title 

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p> </p>

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It  selects all elements that are pin pointed to the child of the direct element.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
IT allows the ability for hover 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
capitalize:
lowercase:
CAPITALS:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
<div style="border: dotted 1px black"> 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
right click select all 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
  look at the branch next to the name of the computer
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm   have to be careful because it removes the file permanently
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It keeps track of each change you make 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
as often as possible 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin <your name>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements won't force a new line to begin in the document flow and Block elements allow a line break to happen
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
it sits on its own layer separate from everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
use the identifier to put in the width with an additional class
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    display: block
display: inline
display: inline-block
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
Box model shows how to border your page with percentages, you make them respect the width by specifying the width in the section of the bracketed category you created.